It's more
Perm?
Patrick -- is that- a.
It's just you.
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?
No! I just wanted
What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What?
I just wanted --
You set me up.
Let go!
So did you
You looked beautiful last night, you know.
I guess I'll never know, will I?
Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to.
God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
I guess I thought I was protecting you.
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
That's not
No. you didn't!  If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage.
I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
Why didn't you tell me?
After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --
But
Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready. He got pissed.  Then he broke up with me.
You did what?
He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.
As in...
Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.
But you hate Joey
He was, like, a total babe
Why?
In 9th.  For a month
What?
Joey never told you we went out, did he?
I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .
Like you care.
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.
You're welcome.
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --
Can we go now?
You are so completely unbalanced.
Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.
It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.
At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?
Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.
